chunkies provides a wide range of
sources and premixes that can be easily
combined to create simple and delicious
homemade recipes for instance singapore
laksa can be made using some of the
following chunky sauces chunkies laksa
paste here are the ingredients 250 grams
of chunkies laksa paste 600 grams of
poached noodle 8 prawns removed from
their shells 600 milliliters of water
300 grams of coconut cream 300
milliliters of carnation milk 4 grams of
chopped laksa leaf 4 pieces of bean curd
fried and cut into slices 120 grams of
fish cake sliced 100 grams of bean
sprouts poached 3 pieces of hard boiled
eggs cooking oil let's start by slicing
the fish cakes
bean curd and hard boiled eggs NIC's
heat up the cooking oil and stir in
chunkies laksa paste pour in boiling
water and add the fried bean curd
coconut cream and carnation milk poach
the noodle and bean sprout in boiling
water drained separately and place in
serving bowl poached prawns and set
aside arrange poached noodles bean
sprout cooked prawns fish cake and eggs
into a bowl and pour the gravy over
finish by sprinkling chopped laksa
leaves and serve Singapore laksa with
chunkies